docs(uxrce): add support for DDS v3, ROS 2 lyrical and humble (#27705)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/middleware/uxrce_dds.md

![Architecture uXRCE-DDS with ROS 2](../../assets/middleware/xrce_dds/architecture_xrce-dds_ros2.svg)

In order for PX4 uORB topics to be shared on the DDS network you will need _uXRCE-DDS client_ running on PX4, connected to the _Micro XRCE-DDS Agent_ running on the companion.

The PX4 [uxrce_dds_client](../modules/modules_system.md#uxrce-dds-client) publishes to/from a defined set of uORB topics to the global DDS data space.

The [eProsima Micro XRCE-DDS _Agent_](https://github.com/eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-Agent) runs on the companion computer and acts as a proxy for the client in the DDS/ROS 2 network.

> The agent itself has no dependency on client-side code and can be built and/or installed independent of PX4 or ROS as long version compatibility is ensured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent itself has no dependency on client-side code and can be built and/or installed independent of PX4 or ROS, as long as version compatibility is ensured.
```

These can be included into a workspace by cloning the interface package [PX4/px4_msgs](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs) into your ROS 2 workspace and switching to the appropriate branch.
Note that all code generation associated with the messages is handled by ROS 2.

## Version selection

There are two main major active Micro XRCE-DDS versions: `v2.x` and `v3.x` which needs to be paired to the corresponding major DDS version.
In standalone DDS applications it is suggested to use the latest one.
However, in ROS 2 applications the DDS version is locked down by the chosen ROS 2 distribution.

> <Badge type="tip" text="PX4 v1.18" /> In its default configuration _uxrce_dds_client_ is build targeting Micro XRCE-DDS `v2.x`. To target instead `v3.x` and use the latest ROS 2 distributions the [`Kconfig`](../hardware/porting_guide_config.md#px4-menuconfig-setup) variable `UXRCE_DDS_CLIENT_USE_DDS_V3` needs to be set and a custom build performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main major active Micro XRCE-DDS versions: `v2.x` and `v3.x`.
These need to be paired to the corresponding major DDS version.

In standalone DDS applications you should use the latest DDS version with `Micro XRCE-DDS v3.x`.
However, in ROS 2 applications the DDS version is locked down by the chosen ROS 2 distribution: `v3.x` is required if you want to use the latest ROS 2 distributions.

<Badge type="tip" text="PX4 v1.18" />
In its default configuration `uxrce_dds_client` is built targeting Micro XRCE-DDS `v2.x`.
To target `v3.x` instead, the [`Kconfig`](../hardware/porting_guide_config.md#px4-menuconfig-setup) variable `UXRCE_DDS_CLIENT_USE_DDS_V3` must be set, and a custom build performed.
```
